Document Deploy legacy property type migrators, import and migration flow and clarify grid editor configuration (#6533)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-deploy/deployment-workflow/import-export-v7.md

### Migrating from Umbraco 7

> The import and export features are available for Umbraco Deploy supporting Umbraco 8 and above. It's not been ported back to Umbraco 7, hence you cannot trigger an export from the backoffice or using the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The import and export features are available for Umbraco Deploy supporting Umbraco 8 and above. It's not been ported back to Umbraco 7, hence you cannot trigger an export from the backoffice or use the service.
```

> However, we can still use this feature to help migrate from Umbraco 7 to a supported major version. This requires additional logic to be added to your Umbraco 7 project to create an export ZIP archive similar to newer versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you can still use this feature to help migrate from Umbraco 7 to a supported major version. This requires adding additional logic to your Umbraco 7 project to create an export ZIP archive similar to newer versions.
```

#### Exporting Umbraco 7 content and schema

> We can generate an export archive in the same format as used by the import/export feature. This is done by adding the [`Umbraco.Deploy.Contrib.Export` assembly](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Contrib/releases/tag/release-2.0.0-export) to your Umbraco 7 project (that already has Deploy and Deploy Contrib installed, see below). This archive can then be imported into a newer Umbraco version by configuring the legacy import migrators. You can also apply additional migrators to update obsolete data types and property data into newer equivalents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate an export archive in the same format as the import/export feature. This is done by adding the [`Umbraco.Deploy.Contrib.Export` assembly](https://github.com/umbraco/Umbraco.Deploy.Contrib/releases/tag/release-2.0.0-export) to your Umbraco 7 project (that already has Deploy and Deploy Contrib installed, see below). This archive can be imported into a newer Umbraco version by configuring the legacy import migrators. You can also apply additional migrators to update obsolete data types and property data into newer equivalents.
```

        builder.DeployArtifactMigrators()
            .AddLegacyMigrators()
            .Append<ElementTypeArtifactMigrator>();

        builder.DeployPropertyTypeMigrators()

>             .AddLegacyMigrators(); // Available since Deploy Contrib 13.3.0 and 14.2.0+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            .AddLegacyMigrators(); // Available from Deploy Contrib 13.3.0 and 14.2.0+
```

As such if you are looking to migrate from an Umbraco Cloud project running on Umbraco 7, you already have Umbraco Deploy installed.

> If you have an Umbraco 7 on-premises website, you can use this guide to migrate from on-premises to Umbraco Cloud. Or to upgrade to a newer Deploy On-premises version. You will need to obtain and install Umbraco Deploy for Umbraco 7 into your project, solely to use the export feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an Umbraco 7 on-premises website, you can use this guide to migrate from on-premises to Umbraco Cloud. Or to upgrade to a newer Deploy On-premises version. You need to obtain and install Umbraco Deploy for Umbraco 7 into your project, solely to use the export feature.
```
